ExamUnknown
02/08/2022


Section 1
After deploying an HTTP workload in your cluster, which Kubernetes service or services are able to control traffic at the application level?
X	Ingress controller
  	NodePort
	LoadBalancer
	Application Gateway Ingress Controller


Which service or services can expose a workload to the outside of a cluster?
X	NodePort	
	ClusterIP
X	LoadBalancer	
X	Ingress Controller


Which of these Azure services can add end-to-end TLS security for HTTP workloads?
	Azure load balancers
	Azure network security rules
	Application Gateway Ingress Controller
X	Azure HTTP application routing 



Section 2
Which of the following are correct statements about an AKS cluster configured with Kubenet?
	When using Kubenet an encapsulation technology is used to send packets between participating nodes.
	When using Kubenet Layer 3 routing is used to send packets participating between nodes.
	When using Kubenet you can add Windows node pools to your cluster.
X	When using Kubenet you can't add Windows node pools to your cluster.


Which of the following statements are true for an AKS cluster configured with the Kubenet network plugin?
X	An additional hop is added in order to establish communication between the Azure infrastructure and cluster internal workloads.
	Only the routing required for the first pool is automatically added. Additional pools should be declared using user-defined routes.
X	Routes are automatically added; there is no need to add user-defined routes.
	An overlay is added in order to establish communication between the Azure infrastructure and cluster internal workloads.




Which of the following are correct statements about an AKS cluster configured with Kubenet?
When using Kubenet Layer 3 routing is used to send packets participating between nodes.



Which of the following statements are true for an AKS cluster configured with the Kubenet network plugin?
Routes are automatically added; there is no need to add user-defined routes.



Which of these options are recommended to secure a Kubernetes cluster inside Azure?
	Network security group
	Network security rule
X	Kubernetes network policy
X	Global network policy
X	Calico network policy


Section 3
Which one of these components directly affects the health of the participating worker nodes in a cluster?
X	calico-node container
	Calico API Server container
	Calico operator container
	None


Which scaling model is best for leveraging the full power of cloud computing?
	Maunal scaling
X	Automatic scaling


In an AKS BYOCNI cluster when Calico is installed resouces can use the ippool "natoutgoing" option to communicate with the Internet. What is required if you wish to disable "natoutgoing" and provide a dedicated Public IP for workloads?
	VXLAN encapsulation
	IP-IP encapsulation
X	User-defined routes


Section 4
What is the Azure cluster identity, and what type of secret does it represent?
	CRD
X	Service principal
	Client ID
	Tenant ID


Which one of these configurations allows an administrator to limit Cluster API Azure provider capabilities?
	Application ID
	Tenant ID
	Subscription IO
X	Cluster identity name


Which of the following are advantages of Calico's Istio service mesh integration?
	It supports Azure security group policies
	It supports Kubernetes and Calico Policy
X	It supports identity based authentication using mTLS
X	It supports application layer policy


Which of the following options are required to enable application-layer policy with Calico and Istio?
X	A Kubernetes cluster
X	kubectl
	clusterctl
X	Istio


What happens after executing the following command?
	clusterctl starts the deployment process
X	clusterctl outputs the necessary resources for a deployment